Next: fix random tile ticks.
Next: Fix tile overlaps.
Next: add light property and torch TileType.


I kind of want to rethink how tiles exist, in game... there are a number of different sorts of tiles, and they're kind of in layers:
 - ground/landscape tiles (dirt, sand, grass; maybe hole, water, lava)
 - surface tiles (trees, cactus, torch, even rock; things that go on the landscape)


when resetting a tile, it should be noted whether the newTile is just sitting on top of the new tile, or if we should ignore what tile was there before. This will only be necessary, however, if I end up with a situation where a tile with data can have another tile on top of it in addition to a torch or similar. But I think this is going to be a built-in part of the system; there are ground tiles, none of which have any identifying data, and will always have the same tile underneath them. This includes hole, dirt, sand, grass, and water (and farmland). Then there are surface tiles, which will all be treated like you can see the tile under it because that's usually the case. Sometimes, you will always have the same tile under it, and sometimes it can vary, but since here we have two layers I can just make them fields so I'll treat it as if it varies anyway. Surface tiles include trees, cactus, and rock (and wheat).


Holes are a bit iffy... I have one idea: You have craftable rope or something instead. You can put the rope in holes. I've been thinking that the problem with this is that any given hole can be over stone tiles on the floor below, but my idea is to show the tile below in the middle of the hole sprite. You have to get a truly empty hole to put a rope down. And you can only put ropes down. The dungeons can show obsidian for every tile, and you can't break it until beating the boss. The stair up to the airwizard can also be auto generated (in the middle of the world, I think).

There's just a few conceptual problems with this. I'd have to fetch the layer below, which *may* be annoying for multiplayer. It would also be weird having liquid flow onto the tile and replace it. And it would make the world seem like it is floating or something. I just don't really like the idea. I'll stick with stairs for now.
